# Forecast Generation

Our signals are generated by obtaining raw carry values, annualizing the carry, smoothing the carry over different exponentially weighted moving averages, and then, finally, scaling and capping the forecast.

## Measuring Expected Carry

Raw carry is defined as either:

\\[\text{Raw Carry} = \text{Price of Nearer Futures Contract} - \text{Price of Further Out Contract}\\]

\\[\text{Raw Carry} = \text{Price of Currently Held Contract} - \text{Price of Further Out Contract}\\]

## Annualization

Annualized carry reflects what we can expect to earn between expiries. Some contracts trade quarterly, other monthly; and even some that roll usually two but sometimes three months apart. We must annualize to get a consistent estimate of carry.

\\[\text{Expiry Difference in Years} = \text{|Months between Contracts|\div 12}\\]

\\[\text{Annualized Raw Carry} = \text{Raw Carry\div {Expiry Difference in Years}} \\]

## Risk Adjustment

Since our annualized carry is in units of price, it makes sense to divide it by the annualized standard deviation of retunrs. 

\\[ \text{Carry} = \frac{\text{Annualized Carry}}{\sigma_{p} \times 16} \\]

## Smoothing

Carry estimates are often unusually noisy. To deal with this, we must smooth the forecast in some way. 

\\[\text{Smoothed Carry Forecast(Span)} = \text{EWMA_{span}(Carry Forecast)} \\]

We use four different spans as our carry trading rule variations: 5 business days, 20 business days, 60 business days, and 120 business days.

## Scaling and Capping

Using the same Forecast Scalar formuala from Trend, we then scale our Smoothed Carry Forecast:

\\[\text{Scaled Carry Forecast(Span)} = \text{Smoothed Carry Forecast(Span)} \times \text{Forecast Scaler} \\]

The scaled combined forecast is then capped at a maximum value of +/- 20. 