# Forecast Generation

Our signals are generated by using a combination of exponentially weighted moving average crossovers. Our windows are fixed to arbitrary windows to prevent overfitting. Our windows are: (2,8), (4,16), (8,32), (16,64), (32,128), and (64,256). To find the exponential moving average, we use the following formula:
\\[ \alpha = \frac{2}{n+1} \\]

Where n is the window size. The exponential moving average is then calculated as follows:

\\[ EMA = \sum_{i=0}^{n-1} \alpha(1-\alpha)^i p_{t-i} \\]

Where \\(p\\) is the price of the asset at time t. We then calculate the difference between the two EMAs and use this as our signal. If the difference is positive, we go long. If the difference is negative, we go short. We then allocate capital to each signal based on the strength of the signal. The strength of the signal is determined by the difference between the two EMAs. The larger the difference, the more capital we allocate to the signal. We then rebalance the portfolio every month to ensure that we are always following the trend.

Our raw forecast of a single window is given by the following formula:

\\[ f_t = \frac{EMA_{t,short} - EMA_{t,long}}{\sigma_{p}} \\]

From our raw forecast, we then scale it to be reflective of the volatility of the asset. This is done to ensure that we are not allocating too much capital to a single asset. We scale be finding the absolute average of all raw forecasts. The scaled forecast is given by the following formula:

\\[ \text{Forecast Scalar} = \frac{10}{ \frac{1}{N} \sum_{i=0}^{n-1} |f_i|} \\]

Using our Forecast Scalar, we then scale our raw forecast to get our final forecast:

\\[ \text{Scaled Forecast} = f_t \times \text{Forecast Scalar} \\]

The scaled forecast can also be represented in its most basic form as:

\\[ \text{Scaled Forecast} = \frac{EMA_{t,short} - EMA_{t,long}}{\sigma_{p}} \times \text{Forecast Scalar} \\]