# Position Sizing

Position sizing refers to the process of determining the number of contracts to trade in a given position. The position size is determined by the risk tolerance of the trader and the volatility of the asset being traded. Our position sizing algorithm accounts for limited capital, the volatility of the asset, and the strength of the signal generated by our forecast generation algorithm.

Our current system allocates 60% of the portfolio to trend following strategies. The remaining 40% is allocated to carry trade strategies. The capital allocated to each strategy is then further divided among the assets that the strategy trades. The capital allocated to each asset is determined by the strength of the signal generated by our forecast generation algorithm.

The position size of each asset is determined by the following formula:

\\[ J_{i,t} = M_{i,t} \times P_{i,t} \times \text{FX}_{i,t} \times \sigma \\]

\\[ N_i = \frac{\text{Scaled Forecast}_{i,t} \times \text{Capital} \times \text{IDM} \times \text{Weight}_i \times \tau}{10 \times J } \\]

Where \\(N_i\\) is our position size, \\(J_{i,t}\\) is the a risk scaling factor, \\(M_{i,t}\\) is the multiplier of the asset, \\(P_{i,t}\\) is the price of the asset, FX is the foreign exchange rate, \\(\sigma\\) is the volatility of the asset in terms of percentage, \\(\text{Scaled Forecast}_{i,t}\\) is the scaled forecast generated by our forecast generation algorithm. \\(\text{Capital}\\) is the total capital allocated to the strategy, \\(\text{IDM}\\) is the instrument diversification multiplier. \\(\text{Weight}_i\\) is the weight of the asset in the portfolio, and \\(\tau\\) is the risk target.

All of these factors are relatively common place, however, the IDM is a unique feature of our system. The IDM is a multiplier that is used to ensure that the portfolio reaches the specified risk target. We often run into the beneficial issue of diversification lowering the risk of the portfolio. This is a good thing, but it can also lead to the portfolio not reaching the desired risk target. The IDM is used to counteract this effect and ensure that the portfolio reaches the desired risk target. The IDM is calculated as follows:

\\[ \text{IDM} = \frac{1}{\sqrt{w \cdot \rho \cdot w^T}} \\]

Where \\(w\\) is the vector of weights of the assets in the portfolio and \\(\rho\\) is the correlation matrix of the assets in the portfolio. 

<div class="warning">

**Warning:** When finding the IDM for highly diversified portfolios, we must be careful to prevent overleverage. The IDM can become very large for highly diversified portfolios, which can lead to overleverage. We must be careful to ensure that the IDM does not become too large and lead to overleverage. We thus cap the IDM at a maximum value of 2.5.

</div>